Fossil Gen 6 44mm Touchscreen Smartwatch with Alexa Built-In, Heart Rate, Blood Oxygen, Activity Tracking, GPS, Speaker, Smartphone Notifications
4.2 out of 5 stars    2,546 ratings | 196 answered questions
Amazon's
Choice
in Men's Smartwatches by Fossil
Price:	$319.00
Color: Smoke

Black
 

Black Silicone + Leather
 

Black/Brown
 

Black/Camo
 

Brown Leather + Black Silicone
 

Camo + Brown Leather
 

Silver
 

Silver/Olive/Brown
 

Smoke
 

Smoke + Black Silicone
 

White Charger
Brand	Fossil
Style	Modern
Color	Smoke
Screen Size	1.28 Inches
Special Feature	Activity Tracker, Distance Tracker, Always On Display, GPS, Heart Rate Monitor, Music Player, Notifications, Pedometer, Phone Call, Sleep Monitor,Text Messaging, Oxymeter (SpO2), Time Display, Contactless PaymentsActivity Tracker, Distance Tracker, Always On Display, GPS, Heart Rate Monitor, Music Player, Notifications, Pedometer, Phon… See more
Shape	Round
Age Range (Description)	Adult
Compatible Devices	Smartphone
Band Material Type	Stainless Steel
Band Color	Gray
See more
About this item
Smartwatches with Wear OS by Google are compatible with phones running the latest version of Android or iOS. The newest Qualcomm 4100+ chipset brings a 30% enhanced performance. Improved power, more reliable connection and up to 4x range with Bluetooth 5.
Automatically tracks activity goals, steps, sleep, heart rate, cardio, and SpO2 (blood oxygen). Activity modes with GPS keep you on track with your distance and path. Advanced sensors provide the data to power all your health and fitness tracker apps.
Always-on display now brighter with more colors and higher pixel count. Thousands of watch faces to personalize your look and always see the time. Hundreds of apps from fitness, music, social, news, stop watches and more.
Stay connected with notifications for calls, texts, apps. Automatic time zone and calendar syncing. Answer and make calls directly on your watch when your phone is out of reach. This smart watch features a speaker, microphone, and customizable buttons.
Our new caseback and included magnetic charger allow for faster charging than other generations. Charge up to 80% in 30 minutes. Optimize your battery life with simplified Smart Battery Modes. Swimproof 3 ATM design is perfect for all your activities.
Get a little extra help with Alexa built-in. Easily access the Amazon Alexa app to get quick news and information, check the weather, set timers and alarms, control smart home devices, and more - all through the sound of your voice.